Unit Testers
Contact Information:
   Aryan Ahlawat           aahlawat@uwm.edu
   Yen Lin Chang           yenlin@um.edu
   Jia Cian Chen           jiacian@uwm.edu 
   Joshua Martin Dascoli   jdascoli@uwm.edu
   Connor Gregoris         gregor66@uwm.edu
   Jack David Mitchell     mitch524@uwm.edu 


1. Availability for meeting expectations
          There will be three daily sprint meetings each week that will last for fifteen minutes. Each member is expected to attend
          all meetings they are able to attend. If a group member has a reasonable excuse, then they must notify the scrum master
          or group before hand to prepare the group for their absence. If a group member does not show up to a meeting, without
          approval from scrum master or group, they will receive a strike. Meetings will be online via Discord group call or 
          in-person if decided beforehand. If a group member is busy when there is a group meeting, then the group members 
          participating in the meeting can assign the absentee project work to the groups discretion. The group will give a brief 
          overview of the meeting they missed to the absentee and discuss work that was assigned to them.

2. Response time to communication expectations
          Regular communication should occur every three days via Discord. This communication should include a simple update on 
          ones progress of their portion of the project. If a member forgets to post progress, one member will send an inquiry
          message to the person who forgot. If the message is not responded to in twenty-four hours, the member will receive a 
          strike and the group will begin to take on that members' responsibilities through the decision making process stated in 
          part six of this section.

3. Definition of done: when is a task complete? 
          The task is completed when the person assigned to the task commits to the branch and makes a pull request, and two other
          people review and approve the code. If there is an issue, the two group members who reviewed the code must leave a comment
          explaining what needs to be fixed or improved before the task can be considered for approval. The group member assigned to
          the task must now correct the changes outlined by the group members comments. If the code is approved by two group members
          after review, then the task is considered completed. If the assignee finishes changes, they must go through whole the process 
          again of getting approved by two other group members.

4. Scrum meeting format/frequency and distribution of documentation tasks
          We will have three daily scrum meetings every week, each lasting fifteen minutes. They will be on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. 
          The meetings on Monday and Tuesday will be online from 3:30pm to 3:45pm. The meeting on Thursday will occur have lab is finished
          around 4:00pm to 4:15pm in person. The scrum master is expected to keep track off all documentation of strikes and probations of
          group members, and the reasons. We will have a Trello board which must be updated by all members to keep track of what is being
          done by what person each sprint, what is done or needs improvement, and any resources, questions, or ideas that may come up while
          working on the designated tasks. 

5. Procedure for adopting policies
          1. All code that is written should be clean and easily readable by others, and each method that is implemented must be well documented. 
          2. All members are expected to accomplish their tasks on time and be ready/prepared for each sprint meeting.
          3. All code that is written should be at the same professional quality
          4. All team members must review and comment on two group members pull requests per sprint
          5. The scrum master will notify any absent members during meetings about their assigned work
          6. If working with another group member on a task, they must be communicating with eachother, about what part of the task each of them are
             working on.
          7. All team members must update the trello board each sprint meeting to show what tasks each member is working on
          8. Scrum master will document each strike and probation with reasons on a private document for recording purposes

6. Procedure for handling a member who is not meeting expectations must include at least 3 actions before involving the instructor

     Group Consensus:
            If the group decides at any point, that more action needs to take place then the disciplinary offenses,
            then a vote can be made for a more severe punishment. If the group all votes for the punishment to be made,
            with 100% consensus, then it will bypass the other disciplinar policies and go into affect.

     Minor Group Offense:
            A minor group offense occurs once one of the charter rules/statements have been broken. Trying to say
            a task is finished without submitting a pull request would be an example of a minor group offense.
            Once a member has acquired a minor group offense, then they will receive one strike, for not living
            up to the charters rules and regulations. If the member amends their group offense by making up a 
            meeting or fixing a mistake in a task, then the strike will be waived. If the member does not do 
            anything to correct their strike, then it will be kept, and any subsequent strike from a minor group
            offense will result in an additional strike. After three strike have been accumulated, the member will
            end up receiving a major group offense. All strikes and reasons will be kept note off, by the scrum master.

     Major Group offense:
            A major group offense occurs once there as been a substantial break has occurred in the charter. For
            example, If a group member does not respond to messages for over a week, would result in a major group 
            offense. If a member receives a major group offense, group responsibilities may be switched to another
            group member to continue work, so the project does not fall behind in areas. Another way to earn a major
            group offense would be if a member accumulates three or more strikes from minor group offenses. 
            Once a member has received a major group offense, they will receive a probation, which will be noted
            by the scrum master to keep a record of the offense. If the member that received the probation is shown
            to improve their work efficacy and shows group initiative, then the scrum master may call for a group
            vote to decide if the member who earned probation, deserves to have their probation waived. If a member
            with probation ends up receiving another strike, then there will be a talk within the group whether
            the member deserves to be reassigned. If a member ends up receiving another major strike, whilst holding
            a probation, then they will immediately be called for reassignment.

       Reassignment:
            A group member who has collected enough strikes wile on probation will be asked to be reassigned. Any
            member that ends up a candidate for reassignment will have their strikes, probation, and reasons handed
            over by the TA and Rock, along with personal notes about the reassignment candidate from each group 
            member. If the reassignment goes through, then the work submitted and completed by the reassigned group
            member will be kept by the group as group property. If the reassignment does not get approved, any strikes
            will be reset but the member who received reassignment candidacy will keep their probation.

7. Signatures: each member must sign their name by typing their name at the bottom of the document.
=======
 Aryan Ahlawat
 Yen Lin Chang
 Jia Cian Chen
 Joshua Martin Dascoli
 Connor Gregorius
 Jack David Mitchell
